Broken links in Cloud section (#2944)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Umbraco-Cloud/Troubleshooting/FAQ/index.md

## I’m using BuzzHybrid / DonutCaching / LatestHotStuff / other custom add-ins or I’ve created my own data types - do I need to do anything special?

> Probably not! In most cases including the custom files (and configuration) is enough for Umbraco Cloud to understand how to deploy your site.  In some cases, namely where you’ve created a data type that serializes data or otherwise stores property data in a non-standard format, you’ll need to also create a corresponding data resolver.  Fortunately these are created using the guide and samples [here](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Courier.Contrib/blob/dev/README.md)

Reviewer: Instead of Courier, I've link to some "Value Connector" samples for Deploy, as this is more up to date. Unfortunately we do not currently have any guides on how to create them.

```suggestion
Probably not! In most cases including the custom files (and configuration) is enough for Umbraco Cloud to understand how to deploy your site.  In some cases, namely where you’ve created a data type that serializes data or otherwise stores property data in a non-standard format, you’ll need to also create a corresponding value connector.  Fortunately these are created using the samples [here](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.ValueConnectors)
```
